com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/SetPrefixCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.SetPrefixCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/AddShekelsCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.AddShekelsCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/UnLockDownCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.UnLockDownCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/UnoGame.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoGame
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoGame$1
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/Weapon.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.Weapon
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Hangman/VirtualBotManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Hangman.VirtualBotManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/LockDownCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.LockDownCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/Progress.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.Progress
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/BlackjackGame.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.BlackjackGame
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.BlackjackGame$EndState
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/Usage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.Usage
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/GameHandler.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.GameHandler
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/AboutCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.AboutCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/MiniGames/ChessRequest.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.MiniGames.ChessRequest
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/PingCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.PingCommand
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnApiRequest.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnApiRequest
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Types/Level.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Types.Level
com/general_hello/commands/Listener.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Listener
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/EvalCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.EvalCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/Util.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.Util
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnButtonClickAuction.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnButtonClickAuction
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/DropCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.DropCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/UnoCard.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoCard
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoCard$Color
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoCard$Value
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/StandCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.StandCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Hangman/VirtualBot.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Hangman.VirtualBot
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Hangman.VirtualBot$1
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Hangman.VirtualBot$state
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/LandAnimal.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.LandAnimal
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/RPGEmojis.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.RPGEmojis
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/Data.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.Data
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/HealthCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.HealthCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/MCColor.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.MCColor
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Giveaway/Giveaway.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Giveaway.Giveaway
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/BlackjackCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.BlackjackCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/Artifact.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.Artifact
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/SetNameCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.SetNameCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/AddCreditsCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.AddCreditsCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/MiniGames/ChessStoring.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.MiniGames.ChessStoring
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/StartAuctionCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.StartAuctionCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/SeaAnimal.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.SeaAnimal
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/JokeCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.JokeCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/MiniGames/MainChessCode.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.MiniGames.MainChessCode
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Giveaway/DataGiveaway.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Giveaway.DataGiveaway
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/PingCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.PingCommand
com/general_hello/commands/Database/SQLiteDataSource.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Database.SQLiteDataSource
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/RemindBeg.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.RemindBeg
com/general_hello/commands/commands/ICommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.ICommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/InfoUserCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoUserCommand
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoUserCommand$1
com/general_hello/commands/commands/User/Report.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.User.Report
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/TextUploader.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.TextUploader
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.TextUploader$Result
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/SellCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.SellCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/FishCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.FishCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/AuctionTimer.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.AuctionTimer
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.AuctionTimer$1
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/BadDesign.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.BadDesign
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnReadyEvent.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnReadyEvent
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/HelpCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.HelpCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/PasteCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.PasteCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/Card.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.Card
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.Card$Face
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.Card$Value
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/RpgUser/RPGUser.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.RpgUser.RPGUser
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/HuntCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.HuntCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/LevelPointManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.LevelPointManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/EmbedUtil.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.EmbedUtil
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Work/Job.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Work.Job
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/PlayCardCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.PlayCardCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/SheetsQuickstart.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.SheetsQuickstart
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Types/AttainableBy.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Types.AttainableBy
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/ShareCreditCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.ShareCreditCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/UnoCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/User/UserPhoneUser.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.User.UserPhoneUser
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Games/GuessNumberCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Games.GuessNumberCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/RegisterCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.RegisterCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/RpgUser/RPGDataUtils.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.RpgUser.RPGDataUtils
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.RpgUser.RPGDataUtils$1
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/TestMain.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.TestMain
com/general_hello/commands/Database/DatabaseManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Database.DatabaseManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/CommandType.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.CommandType
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/BlackJackHand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.BlackJackHand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/SayCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.SayCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/DrawCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.DrawCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/Action.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.Action
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnPrivateMessage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnPrivateMessage
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Work/WorkCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Work.WorkCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/HitCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.HitCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/ResetWorkCooldown.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.ResetWorkCooldown
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/Objects.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.Objects
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/ImageHandler.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.ImageHandler
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/RemindWork.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.RemindWork
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/ChallengeCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.ChallengeCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/UpdateIgniteCoinsCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.UpdateIgniteCoinsCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/ViewRank.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.ViewRank
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilNum.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilNum
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Guild/DataObject.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Guild.DataObject
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/ExtraData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.ExtraData
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/Auction.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.Auction
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Games/Game.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Games.Game
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Giveaway/StartGiveawayCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Giveaway.StartGiveawayCommand
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Giveaway.StartGiveawayCommand$1
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/MiniGames/AlphaBetaChess.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.MiniGames.AlphaBetaChess
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/BegCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.BegCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/Tool.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.Tool
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/DailyDrop.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.DailyDrop
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/QuestionProgress.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.QuestionProgress
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilString.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilString
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/InventoryCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.InventoryCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilBot.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilBot
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilBot$1
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OtherEvents.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OtherEvents
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Games/TriviaCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Games.TriviaCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/LevelPointCard.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.LevelPointCard
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.LevelPointCard$ColorSet
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.LevelPointCard$Position
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnSetupMessage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnSetupMessage
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnSetupMessage$1
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/InfoServerCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoServerCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/User/MessageIdToReport.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.User.MessageIdToReport
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Items/Initializer.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Items.Initializer
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Items.Initializer$1
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnSelectionMenu.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnSelectionMenu
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/MoneyData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.MoneyData
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Hangman/Game.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Hangman.Game
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/CookCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.CookCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Work/Colors.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Work.Colors
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Auction/AuctionToChannelStoring.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Auction.AuctionToChannelStoring
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Math/MathCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Math.MathCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/ShopCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.ShopCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/LeaderboardCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.LeaderboardCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/CommandContext.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.CommandContext
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Games/GuessNumber.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Games.GuessNumber
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/MiniGames/Rating.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.MiniGames.Rating
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Currency/BalanceCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Currency.BalanceCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/PrefixStoring.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.PrefixStoring
com/general_hello/commands/Config.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Config
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Objects/Animal.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Objects.Animal
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/DoubleDownCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.DoubleDownCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Uno/UnoHand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Uno.UnoHand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GroupOfGames/Blackjack/SplitCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GroupOfGames.Blackjack.SplitCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/APOD.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.APOD
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GetData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GetData
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/UptimeCOmmand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.UptimeCOmmand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/JourneyCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.JourneyCommand
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Types/Rarity.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Types.Rarity
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Work/QuestionType.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Work.QuestionType
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Emoji/Emojis.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Emoji.Emojis
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Emoji/EmojiObject.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Emoji.EmojiObject
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/PreviewCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.PreviewCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/ErrorUtils.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.ErrorUtils
com/general_hello/commands/Status.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Status
com/general_hello/commands/RPG/Commands/BuyCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.RPG.Commands.BuyCommand
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnButtonClick.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnButtonClick
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Marriage/MarriageCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Marriage.MarriageCommand
com/general_hello/commands/CommandManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.CommandManager
 com.general_hello.commands.CommandManager$1
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnRPGButtonClick.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnRPGButtonClick
com/general_hello/commands/Bot.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Bot
